feat(doc): 对贡献指南的一些修改 (#394)
MCDReforged/PluginCatalogue: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If the codes is open source, follow their open source license;
- If the codes is proprietary, make sure you have the right to use them, and follow their agreement.

**We strongly recommend that you [use an open source licence](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository) to protect rights of yours and others**. Operations performed by catalogue and MCDR on your repos should compatible with all OSI-approved licences.

**Otherwise, please understand and acknowledge that**:

> - **By submitting your plugin, you grant the plugin users, over and above the proprietary agreement (or license, if any): the right to use, copy, modify, and distribute copies of your plugin and its source code direct or indirectly.**;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **By submitting your plugin, you grant anyone, over and above the proprietary agreement (or license, if any): the right to use, copy, and distribute your plugin and its source code direct or indirectly.**;
```
